[ADD] Time Off: New management doc (#9612)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/time_off/management.rst

==========
Management
==========

.. _time_off/approvals:

Time off and allocation requests typically undergo an approval process before being granted.
Requests either need one or two approvals, if any, depending on how the specific type of time off is
configured. These are all housed under the :guilabel:`Management` section of the *Time Off*

> application.

Author: Very true- probably a terribly translated word!

> Only users who can approve allocation and time off requests have the :guilabel:`Management` section

Author: Ahhh, ok- I can see that. I was using "User" because that is the term for osmeone who can log into the system, as opposed to an 'employee'. I know I had an issue for the Frontdesk app with this- because only actual "Users" in the strict sense of the word (someone with Odoo access) can use the app, but all 'employees' can sign in with a badge- so I have been using the word "user" in that context, as anyone who can sign in and use the app. But I will change this moving forward.

Submit` (drafts) requests are highlighted in blue, and the :guilabel:`Refused` requests are
highlighted in gray.

To approve a time off request, click the :icon:`fa-thumbs-up` :guilabel:`Approve` button at the end
of the line. To validate a time off request that has already been approved, and is waiting on a
second approval, click the :icon:`fa-check` :guilabel:`Validate` button at the end of the line. To
refuse a request, click the :icon:`fa-times` :guilabel:`Refuse` button at the far end of the line.

.. image:: management/time-off-requests.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Time off requests with the filter, groupings, and status sections highlighted.

For more details, click anywhere on the time off request line (except for the :icon:`fa-thumbs-up`
:guilabel:`Approve`, :icon:`fa-check` :guilabel:`Validate` icon, and :icon:`fa-times`
:guilabel:`Refuse` buttons) to load the time off request form. Depending on the rights of the user,
changes can be made.

To modify the request, make any desired changes to the form. All changes are automatically saved.

It is also possible to approve or refuse the request from this form. Click the :guilabel:`Approve`

> button to approve, or the :guilabel:`Refuse` button to refuse the request.

Author: Yes! I honestly was thinking of the 'approve' and 'validate' as the same thing, since it's 2 parts of the same idea (saying yes) - good catch!

.. _time_off/manage-allocations:

Manage allocations
==================

To view allocations that need approval, navigate to :menuselection:`Time Off app --> Management -->
Allocations`. The only allocations visible on this list are for employees the user has either
:guilabel:`Time Off Officer` or :guilabel:`Administrator` access rights for in the *Time Off*
application.

The default filters that are configured to be in place when navigating to the
:guilabel:`Allocations` list are :guilabel:`My Team` and :guilabel:`Active Employee`. This *only*
presents employees on the user's team (who they manage) and active employees. Inactive users are not

> shown.

Author: I appreciate it!

> The left side of the screen has various grouping options to narrow down the presented allocation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The left side of the :guilabel:`Allocations` page has various grouping options to narrow down the presented allocation
```

requests.

> The :guilabel:`Status` options are :guilabel:`To Approve`, :guilabel:`Refused`, and
> :guilabel:`Approved`. Click on a specific :guilabel:`Status` to view only requests with that status.
> To view all allocation requests, click :guilabel:`All`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :guilabel:`Status` options are: guilabel:`All, :guilabel:`To Approve`, :guilabel:`Refused`, and
:guilabel:`Approved`. Click on a specific :guilabel:`Status` to only view requests with that status.

To view all allocation requests, regardless of status, click :guilabel:`All` under the :guilabel:`Status` heading.
```

> It is also possible to display allocation requests by department. Click on the
> :guilabel:`Department` in the left side of the screen to only present allocations for that specific
> department.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to display allocation requests by department. Click on the desired
:guilabel:`Department` on the left side of the :guilabel:`Allocations` page, to only present allocations for that specific
department.
```

.. note::

>    The groupings on the left side only present allocation requests that fall under the default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The groupings on the left side **only** present allocation requests that fall under the default
```

>    filters of :guilabel:`My Team` and :guilabel:`Active Employee`. Only the statuses for allocation
>    requests that fall under those filters are presented on the left side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   filters of :guilabel:`My Team` and :guilabel:`Active Employee`, if those default filters are not removed from the :guilabel:`Search...` bar.
```

   For example, if there are no requests with a status of :guilabel:`To Submit`, that status option

>    does not appear in the left-hand side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   does not appear in the left-hand side of the :guilabel:`Allocations` page.
```

   All departments for the user's employees appear in the list. If there are no allocation requests
   that fall under that department matching the pre-configured filters, the list is blank.

   It is always possible to remove any of the pre-configured filters, by clicking the

>    :icon:`fa-times` :guilabel:`Remove` icon on the specific filter to remove it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :icon:`fa-times` :guilabel:`(remove)` icon on the specific filter to remove it.
```

The status column displays the status of each request, with the status highlighted in a specific
color.

The :guilabel:`To Approve` requests are highlighted in yellow, :guilabel:`Approved` requests are
highlighted in green, and the :guilabel:`Refused` requests are highlighted in gray.

To approve an allocation request, click the :icon:`fa-check` :guilabel:`Validate` button at the end
of the line. To refuse a request, click the :icon:`fa-times` :guilabel:`Refuse` button.

.. image:: management/allocations.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Allocations with the filter, groupings, and status sections highlighted.

If more details are needed, click anywhere on the allocation request line (except for the

> :icon:`fa-check` :guilabel:`Validate` and :icon:`fa-times` :guilabel:`Refuse` buttons) to view the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:icon:`fa-check` :guilabel:`Validate` or :icon:`fa-times` :guilabel:`Refuse` buttons) to view the
```

> request in detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specific request in detail, via the allocation request form.
```

The :guilabel:`Status` options are: :guilabel:`All`, :guilabel:`To Approve`, :guilabel:`Refused`,
and :guilabel:`Approved`. Click on a specific :guilabel:`Status` to view only requests with that
specific status.

To view all allocation requests, regardless of status, click :guilabel:`All` under the
:guilabel:`Status` heading.

It is also possible to display allocation requests by department. Click on the desired
:guilabel:`Department` on the left side of the :guilabel:`Allocations` page, to only present
allocations for that specific department.

.. note::
   The groupings on the left side **only** present allocation requests that fall under the default
   filters of :guilabel:`My Team` and :guilabel:`Active Employee`, if those default filters are not
   removed from the :guilabel:`Search...` bar. Only the statuses for allocation requests that fall
   under those filters are presented on the left side.

   For example, if there are no requests with a status of :guilabel:`To Submit`, that status option
   does not appear in the left-hand side of the :guilabel:`Allocations` page.

   All departments for the user's employees appear in the list. If there are no allocation requests

>    that fall under that department matching the pre-configured filters, the list is blank.
> 
>    It is always possible to remove any of the pre-configured filters, by clicking the

Reviewer 2: Nitpick 😄 update these not have a hyphen :)
```suggestion
   that fall under that department matching the preconfigured filters, the list is blank.

   It is always possible to remove any of the preconfigured filters, by clicking the
```

==========
Management
==========

.. _time_off/approvals:

Time off and allocation requests typically undergo an approval process before being granted.

> Requests either need one or two approvals, if any, depending on how the specific type of time off is

Reviewer 3: We either need an approval or we don't, please pick one ;)
As it's written, this is contradictory to itself.

Author: Agreed! When a manager requests time off, they can technically approve it themselves if they are the approver. That's what happens in Runbot (and that's an insane way to manage time off) which is why this came about originally.

configured. All these configurations can be found under the *Management* section of the *Time Off*
application.

Only people who can approve allocation and time off requests have the :guilabel:`Management` section
visible in the *Time Off* application.

.. _time_off/manage-time-off:

Manage time off
===============

To view time off requests that need approval, navigate to :menuselection:`Time Off app -->
Management --> Time Off`. Doing so reveals the :guilabel:`All Time Off` page.

The only time off requests that are visible on this page belong to employees the user either has
:guilabel:`Time Off Officer` or :guilabel:`Administrator` access rights for in the *Time Off*
application.

The default filter on the :guilabel:`All Time Off` page is `Waiting For Me`.

This filter only presents time off requests that need to be approved for current employees on the
user's team, with a status of either :guilabel:`To Approve` or :guilabel:`Second Approval`.

On the left side of the :guilabel:`All Time Off` page, there are various grouping options that can
be used to narrow down the presented time off requests, located beneath the :guilabel:`Status` and
:guilabel:`Department` headings.

> Since only time off requests that need to be approved are shown, the only :guilabel:`status` options

Reviewer 3: Capital "S" here, I believe
```suggestion
Since only time off requests that need to be approved are shown, the only :guilabel:`Status` options
```

To refuse a request, click the :icon:`fa-times` :guilabel:`Refuse` button at the far end of the
line.

.. image:: management/time-off-requests.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Time off requests with the filter, groupings, and status sections highlighted.

For more details, click anywhere on the time off request line (except for the :icon:`fa-thumbs-up`
:guilabel:`Approve`, :icon:`fa-check` :guilabel:`Validate` icon, and :icon:`fa-times`
:guilabel:`Refuse` buttons). Doing so loads that specific time off request form. Depending on the
rights of the user, changes can be made.

To modify the request, make any desired changes to the form. All changes are automatically saved.

It is also possible to approve, validate, or refuse the request from this form. Click the
:guilabel:`Approve` button to approve, the :guilabel:`Validate` button to validate, or the
:guilabel:`Refuse` button to refuse the request.

.. _time_off/manage-allocations:

Manage allocations
==================

To view allocations that need approval, navigate to :menuselection:`Time Off app --> Management -->
Allocations`. Doing so reveals the :guilabel:`Allocations` page.

> The only allocations visible on this page are for employees the user either has :guilabel:`Time Off

Reviewer 3: I'm confused on the subject here, is it "employees" or "the user?"
Consider picking one, for clarity.
